#labels Featured
= Incoming message types =

  * *Error* - This should never appear, it indicates a corrupt message.

  * *StatusChanged* - Contains a single byte which can be cast to a `NetConnectionStatus` enum, then a human readable string explaining the reason for the change in status.

  * *Data* - Contains the data written by a connected sender, available in the `SenderConnection` property of the message.

  * *UnconnectedData* - Contains data written by a host that is not connected, this message type is disabled by default. Sender ip endpoint is available in the SenderEndpoint property of the message.

  * *ConnectionApproval* - Contains the data passed to `Connect()` on the remote side. The application should call `Approve()` or `Deny()` on the connection object in `SenderConnection` of the message. This message type is disabled by default.

  * *Receipt* - Not yet implemented.

  * *DiscoveryRequest* - See [http://code.google.com/p/lidgren-network-gen3/wiki/Discovery Discovery].

  * *DiscoveryResponse* - See [http://code.google.com/p/lidgren-network-gen3/wiki/Discovery Discovery].

  * *VerboseDebugMessage* - Contains a single string of diagnostics. Only available in DEBUG builds and disabled by default.

  * *DebugMessage* - Contains a single string of diagnostics. Only available in DEBUG builds.

  * *WarningMessage* - Contains a single string of diagnostics.

  * *ErrorMessage* - Contains a single string of diagnostics.

Message types can be enabled or disabled in the `NetPeerConfiguration` using `EnableMessageType()` or `DisableMessageType()` methods.